Book improvements (#448)
maciejhirsz/logos: book/src/context-dependent-lexing.md

Reviewer: Actually, I am not sure whether this example is really where morphing shine.

I think I would rather have something more realistic, like:

```rust
#[derive(Logos, Debug, PartialEq, Clone)]
#[logos(skip r"\s+")]
enum CppToken {
    #[regex("[a-zA-Z]+")]
    Word,
    #[token("{")]
    LeftBrace,
    #[token("}")]
    LeftBrace,
    #[token("extern "C""), callback_fn]
    CBlock(Vec<CToken>),
}

#[derive(Logos, Debug, PartialEq, Clone)]
enum CToken {
    ...
}
```
where it actually makes sense to change lexing context. The callback should mutate the lexer in place, and return the original one after callback ends.

But that might also need more work (I cloned your branch, but didn't much time to implement a realistic MWE).

Author: Yeah I don't think it's the best example either, but I wanted to do something simple for that section. I did add a more complex example in the example section though, and it does the context switching in the callbacks. 
I can change the multiline comment example for yours anyways, but I'm not too familiar with c++.

Reviewer: I think it can be anything else than C or Cpp, or just any fancy application.
But here, your example is more suited for custom callbacks that really using `morph`, imo.

Author: Hmm yeah the solution using callbacks is pretty concise.

The thing is, the example in this section was originally the string interpolation one. But it ended up being too long and the section became more about the example than `morph` itself, so I decided to move that example to the examples section and replace it for a simpler one that didn't require much explanation.
But maybe it would be better to not have an example here at all and just leave the link to the string interpolation one?
I think any realistic example will become quite long.

Reviewer: I can be a simplification of a realistic example, like any programming language that supports another scripting programming language. It is not mandatory that the example runs.

You could just write, e.g.:

```rust
#[derive(Logos, Debug, PartialEq, Clone)]
enum CToken {
    /* Tokens supporting C syntax */
    ...
    #[token("extern "python""), callback_fn]
    PythonBlock(Vec<PythonToken>),
}

#[derive(Logos, Debug, PartialEq, Clone)]
enum PythonToken {
    #[token("}")]
    ExitPythonBlock,
    /* Tokens supporting Python syntax */
    ...
}

fn callback_fn(&mut lex: ...) -> Result<Vec<PythonToken>> {
    let mut python_lexer: ... = lex.clone().morph();
    let mut tokens = Vec::new();
    let mut n = 0;
    while let Some(token) = python_lexer.next() {
        match token {
            Ok(PythonToken::ExitPythonBlock) => break,
            Err(e) => return Err(e),
            Ok(tok) => tokens.push(tok),
        }
    }
    lex.bump(python_lexer.span().start - lex.span().start);
    Ok(tokens)
}
```

Note that the above is untested pseudocode :-)

Author: Hi sorry for the delay, I'll be resolving the issues today. This example looks nice, the only thing I'm not certain about is why you're using `lex.bump` to leave the original lexer in the appropriate position. Is there an advantage versus using `*lex = python_lexer.morph()`?

Author: Oh yeah it works, I do it this way in the string interpolation example.

    Word,
    #[token(",")]
    Comma,
    #[token(".")]
    Period,
    #[token("/*")]
    BlockCommentStart,
}

#[derive(Logos, Debug, PartialEq, Clone)]
#[logos(skip r"[^*]+")]
#[logos(skip r"\*")]
enum BlockCommentContext {
    #[token("*/")]
    BlockCommentEnd,
}

fn main() {
    let mut lex = GlobalContext::lexer(
        "\
        Lorem ipsum /***inline** comment*/ dolor sit amet,
        /* Multiline\n\
        * comment *** \n\
        ***/\n\
        consectetur /***/ adipiscing.\n\
        ",
    );

    while let Some(result) = lex.next() {
        match result {
            Ok(token) => match token {
                GlobalContext::BlockCommentStart => {
                    // We transition to the BlockCommentContext.
                    let mut lex2 = lex.morph::<BlockCommentContext>();
                    // There is only one possible token in this context and that
                    // is `MultilineCommentEnd`, so only one `next` is all we need.
                    // The rest of the content of the comment will be skipped.
                    lex2.next();
                    // We switch back to the GlobalContext.
                    lex = lex2.morph();

>                 }

Author: Hmm I don't think `lex2` can ever fail. It skips everything but `*/`, and if no `*/` is found then when doing `lex2.next()` we will just reach the end of the string, and when morphing back to `lex` it will also be at the end of the string and so the loop will end.

>                 }

Reviewer: This is not that `lex2` can fail, but the behavior is the same regardless of the comment being terminated or not, which in general should trigger an error.

>                 }

Author: Ah yeah, that makes sense, I'll fix it thanks

                _ => println!("{:?}: {}", token, lex.slice()),
            },
            Err(()) => panic!("Some error occurred during lexing"),
        }
    }
}
```

### Output:

```
Word: Lorem
Word: ipsum
Word: dolor
Word: sit
Word: amet
Comma: ,
Word: consectetur
Word: adipiscing
Period: .
```

> The same outcome should be achievable using the [`skip`](./attributes/logos.html) attribute with a complex regex, but I find this method more robust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A similar behavior could be achieved using the [`skip`](./attributes/logos.html) attribute with a regex that matches multiline comments.
```
Documentation should not be personal / about opinion :-)

Author: I see sorry about that haha
But are we sure it is actually possible though? I tried using the regex mentioned here https://github.com/maciejhirsz/logos/issues/133#issuecomment-619444615 and it failed in certain cases, and the one mentioned here https://github.com/maciejhirsz/logos/issues/133#issuecomment-789462973 failed completely.

Reviewer: In a very general context, writing such a regex can become impossible (or lead to some internal errors with Logos). But I meant that it is possible to write a simple regex for your very simple case.

Author: This phrase was removed after updating the example.
